✨Added nameType prop (#16)
vtex-apps/product-gifts: docs/README.md

| Prop name           | Type      | Description                                                               | Default value |
| ------------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `linkToProductPage` | `Boolean` | Whether or not the `gift-name` block should be a link to the gift's product page. | `false`       |

> | `showProductName` | `Boolean` | Whether the `gift-name` block should show the product name instead the sku name | `false`       |

Reviewer: We usually avoid boolean props to better allow the evolution of the framework and avoid creating multiple props that are related to the same thing.

What I suggest for you to do is to change this prop to accept two possible values: `'productName'` or `'skuName'`, defaulting to `'skuName'` of course.

Author: As requested, I have changed the type of prop, transforming it into an enumerate with the two suggested parameters and using skuName as the default one :)

> | `nameType` | `enum` | By default the sku name associated with the product is displayed, otherwise you can choose to display the product name using `productName` as value. | `skuName`       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `nameType` | `enum` | Name type to be displayed alongside the gift. Possible values are:  `productName` (displays the gift's product name) and `skuName` (displays the gift's SKU name). | `skuName` |
```
